In expressions layer names and not layer ids should be used (#494)
opengisch/QField-docs: documentation/how-to/attributes-form.en.md

!![Configuration of a formatted date as default value](../assets/images/default_value_configuration.png)

> When creating expressions for projects intended to be used with QField, it is recommended to use layer names rather than layer IDs. This recommendation stems from the fact that during the project conversion process via QFieldSync, the resulting layers may receive different IDs, which can lead to incorrect expression evaluations. By using layer names, you ensure that expressions are evaluated consistently and accurately across different project states.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When creating expressions for projects that will be used with QField, it's preferable to use layer names instead of layer IDs. This is because when the project is converted with QFieldSync, the layer IDs might change, leading to errors in the expressions. Using layer names helps keep expressions accurate and consistent in different versions of the project.
```
